Added some details to custom menu documentation (#308)
sibiraj-s/ngx-editor: docs/menu.md

# Menu

> Menu is not part of the editor component. Include `ngx-editor-menu` in your HTML manually. The custom-menu items will be added after the items on the toolbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Menu is not part of the editor component. Include `ngx-editor-menu` in your HTML manually. The custom-menu will be inserted after the toolbar items.
```

Reviewer: and this line can be moved into the `CustomMenu` section. The info seems early.

## Custom Menu

> The editorView will be available from the init function. Create `customMenu` as a template variable using the custom-menu component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create `customMenu` as a template variable using the custom-menu component.
```

init function no longer exists. can you remove this line

Reviewer: > Create `customMenu` as a template variable using the custom-menu component.

this somehow feels like the editor is providing a custom menu component to create custom, but it is create a template and pass the ref as a input to the menu component, via `customMenuRef`
